When working with copilot it helped to rework the code I did to make it work. For instance it helped to fix the code to change empty data sets of price and quantity to have zero filling them. Copilot did this by establishing a better code by adding errors='coerce' to stop the price and quantity from being read as a string. It also help to rephrase the code of removing the trail space. In order to get what I needed I worked with Copilot by having my set code already in and had use the function examples as a guide.

 After that I had to add back my comments for the code to understand what exactly was happening, while also changing the name in some of the functions that sounded similar. For example, since it originally gave "clean_column_names" and "clean_string_columns" as the names of the individual functions I renamed "clean_column_names" to "fix_column_names" to understand it was the columns spelling being fixed and not the spaces that could mess with the coding. I also renamed the given "handle_missing_values" to "replace_missing_values" because it was easier to comprehend it was actively being changed to have zeros and not just being held. I then added a function not added called "Remove_negative_values" because I felt it was a precaution just incase a negative foat was in the raw csv and wanted it to be remove to prevent any damage to the layout of the clean csv. 

  At the end I learned how to better code to clean csv files by fixing common problems found in the raw files and how I can use functions to make the changes for the end to call at the end to create a new csv file in a separate folder created using pathways. While learning how to use a tool like copilot I saw the obvious strengths of helping you understand what was happening by asking it questions on specific coding mechanics, like asking about what was happening with my initial function of fixing column names which told me and explained the suggestion of adding regex=False. While a drawback I can say I was met with from copilot was that it obviously doesn't know everything not unless you give it everything, so its still your responsibility to know what you are working with and not rely heavily on copilot since it shares what it is aware of commonly, like the csv file column names you know its "prodname" but copilot does not so it will popout "product_name" as what is needed.I still think it is helpful as another set of eyes that catches common mistakes you made and calls them out.